## Step 4: Add an attendee to an existing meeting

> Webex XML Services URL

```http
https://apidemoeu.Webex.com/WBXService/XMLService
```

Once a meeting has been created, it is possible to later modify the meeting options - for example, to add attendees - via the `SetMeeting` request.

Similar to the previous requests, a security context is provided in the `<header>`.  An XML `<body>` indicates which meeting to modify and the updated options requested.  

The main required element is the `<meetingKey>` element.  If you didn't save the meeting key from Step 2, you may want to revisit that step and create a new meeting to use, or re-list the meetings as in Step 3 to find the meeting key.

To add an attendee, the attendee's email address should be provided in the `<participants>` element, as shown below.  You can change the dummy email address in the sample code to your own (or a secondary address, if you created the meeting using a Webex account associated to your main email) - you should receive an invitation!

We are also specifying the `<emailInvitations>` option to enable sending out email invites, and the `<openTime>` option to allow attendees to join/start the meeting early without the host:

**SetMeeting XML Request**

```xml
<serv:message xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance">
  <header>
    <securityContext>
      <WebexID>test_user</WebexID>
      <password>cisco!123</password>
      <siteName>apidemoeu</siteName>
    </securityContext>
  </header>
  <body>
    <bodyContent
      xsi:type="java:com.Webex.service.binding.meeting.SetMeeting">
      <meetingkey>624559913</meetingkey>
      <participants>
        <attendees>
          <attendee>
            <person>
              <email>jdoe@email.com</email>
            </person>
          </attendee>
        </attendees>
      </participants>
      <attendeeOptions>
        <emailInvitations>true</emailInvitations>
      </attendeeOptions>
      <schedule>
        <openTime>300</openTime>
      </schedule>
    </bodyContent>
  </body>
</serv:message>
```

Let's try it out:

1. In Postman, construct a `POST` request for the Webex XML Services URL:
  * In the field marked **Enter request URL** put the URL for the Webex Sandbox XML Service (see the URL listed above)
  * From the request method dropdown box, make sure **POST** is selected
  * Select the **raw** body type button
  * Enter the XML for the SetMeeting request into the body text box (copy/paste the code example above) **You may want to change the email address to your own!**

2. If you've provisioned a user of your own in the Webex sandbox lab, go ahead and replace the values in the `<WebexID>` and `<password>` fields in the XML

3. Click the **Send** button to launch the request

Take a look at the XML data returned.  If everything went well, you should see a **SUCCESS** result:

```xml
<serv:result>SUCCESS</serv:result>
```

If you provided your email address and have an Android or iPhone, you can install the Cisco Webex app from your phone's app store, check your email for the invite, and view/join the meeting to confirm your work!

(Note, as we did not enable any of the available features and options for the meeting during this exercise, the experience will be minimal.)
