# Listing Meeting Recordings

> Webex XML Services URL

```http
https://apidemoeu.Webex.com/WBXService/XMLService
```

One of the powerful features of Webex Meetings is the ability to record the full multi-user meeting experience for playback later - useful for attendees that may have missed the meeting, or for archiving, quality-assurance or distribution as training materials.

While the Webex admin UI provides some basic tools for searching, manipulating and playing Webex recordings, applications may also perform these same functions via the Webex Meetings API, including the ability to export and download video files of the meeting recording.

In this example, we'll use the `LstRecording` request to get a listing of all the available recordings for the user in the security context.  The `<listControl>` section starts the listing at the first available (`<startFrom>` = 0), with a maximum number of 10:

**LstRecording API Request**

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<serv:message xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
    xmlns:serv="http://www.webex.com/schemas/2002/06/service">
    <header>
        <securityContext>
            <webExID>test_user</webExID>
            <password>cisco!123</password>
            <siteName>apidemoeu</siteName>
        </securityContext>
    </header>
    <body>
        <bodyContent
            xsi:type="java:com.webex.service.binding.ep.LstRecording">
            <listControl>
                <startFrom>0</startFrom>
                <maximumNum>10</maximumNum>
            </listControl>
            <returnSessionDetails>true</returnSessionDetails>
        </bodyContent>
    </body>
</serv:message>
```

Let's try it out:

1. In Postman, construct a `POST` request for the Webex XML Services URL:
  * In the field marked **Enter request URL** put the URL for the Webex Sandbox XML Service (see the URL listed above)
  * From the request method dropdown box, make sure **POST** is selected
  * Select the **raw** body type button
  * Enter the XML for the SetMeeting request into the body text box (copy/paste the code example above) **You may want to change the email address to your own!**

2. If you've provisioned a user of your own in the Webex sandbox lab, go ahead and replace the values in the `<WebexID>` and `<password>` fields in the XML

3. Click the **Send** button to launch the request

Take a look at the XML data returned.  If everything went well (and at least one recording exists for the user, or your user is an Admin), you should see a **SUCCESS** result:

```xml
<serv:result>SUCCESS</serv:result>
```

Along with details about the available recordings:

```xml
<serv:body>
        <serv:bodyContent xsi:type="ep:lstRecordingResponse" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance">
            <ep:matchingRecords>
                <serv:total>1</serv:total>
                <serv:returned>1</serv:returned>
                <serv:startFrom>1</serv:startFrom>
            </ep:matchingRecords>
            <ep:recording>
                <ep:recordingID>165565037</ep:recordingID>
                <ep:hostWebExID>klewis</ep:hostWebExID>
                <ep:name>test recording-20180602 1413-1</ep:name>
                <ep:createTime>06/02/2018 09:13:06</ep:createTime>
                <ep:timeZoneID>7</ep:timeZoneID>
                <ep:size>0.004883766</ep:size>
                <ep:streamURL>https://apidemoeu.webex.com/apidemoeu/lsr.php?RCID=ef8b9ee0d5118637f1242372017411ef</ep:streamURL>
                <ep:fileURL>https://apidemoeu.webex.com/apidemoeu/lsr.php?RCID=0ef70345c91739961182452f058e0bf5</ep:fileURL>
                <ep:sessionKey>624122975</ep:sessionKey>
                <ep:trackingCode/>
```

Notice the `<ep:streamURL>` and `<ep:fileURL>` fields in the response.  These contain URLs for viewing/streaming the recording and for downloading the self-contained meeting recording file, respectively.  These URLs are intended for use in a browser window - to download the actual recording file directly, see the [Webex Meetings NBR API](https://developer.cisco.com/site/webex-developer/develop-test/nbr-web-services-api/))

Trying copying/pasting the `<ep:streamURL>` URL into a new browser window to experience the recording steam UI.

## What if no recordings are listed..?

This will most likely be the case, especially if using the apidemoeu.webex.com demo site with a brand-new user.  You can still try out Webex meeting recording and API access, taking into account:commonly

- Webex recordings may take minutes or hours to be processed and become available for listing by the system
- The apidemoeu.webex.com site does not allow recording Webex 'Meeting Center' type meetings.  Other meeting types (for example Training Center), can be recorded.  If you start a Training Center meeting, you should be able to toggle recording and list/access the recording via API.
- Note, when scheduling a Training Center session, the apidemoeu.webex.com site is configured to support a maximum duration of 20 minutes
- If using your own Webex site, make sure recording is enabled, and that your user has access to both start recordings and view/retrieve records via the site's Admin configuration settings

If no recordings are available, that's OK...you'll just see the API request result containing a **FAILURE** response indicating no recording records were found, as below:

```xml
<serv:result>FAILURE</serv:result>
<serv:reason>Sorry, no record found</serv:reason>
```
